Documents troubleshooting steps (#154)
OpsLevel/backstage-plugin: README.md

    </EntityLayout.Route>
```

### Next Steps

Visit the Maturity tab in Backstage to get started. Once you have synced data from Backstage to OpsLevel, you will likely want to set up auto-syncing of data using the [backend-plugin](https://github.com/OpsLevel/backstage-plugin-backend).

## Troubleshooting

### 403 API Requests

Please validate that you do not have any middleware set up in Backstage that could be removing headers from the request by the Backstage proxy.

### 404 API Requests

If you are receiving 404s or any non-200 response codes, it is possible that there is a network firewall preventing Backstage from accessing the OpsLevel instance.

> You can validate this by using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) or another tool to simulate the request from the machine running Backstage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can rule this out by using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) or another tool to simulate the request from the machine running Backstage.
```

Reviewer: I think it could cause some frustration to tell them they can use Postman but then not telling them how to use Postman 😂  Or are we assuming they can derive that from the curl command below?

Author: Yeah, I can see it, but I really don't want to have to document every step in postman and then keep screenshots updated as they change their UI 🙈 

If someone asks for it, I'm more than happy to add it, but I just would prefer not to maintain it if we can help it.

Sometimes it can be hard to set up a tool in environments running Backstage, in which was you can use `curl` to make the request with your API token.

You will need:

- `[[api_token]]` - created from the [api token page](https://app.opslevel.com/api_tokens). It should look like `JEgofP1igAiemSBZ6BJmFma0P8k4FCnIh9sm`.

```sh
curl 'https://app.opslevel.com/graphql' -X POST -H 'content-type: application/json' -H 'graphql-visibility: internal' -H "Authorization: Bearer [[api_token]]" --data-raw '{"operationName":"requestApplicationConfigs","variables":{},"query":"query requestApplicationConfigs {\n  elasticsearchEnabled\n  environment\n}"}'

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe a sentence here that if they see "{"data":{"elasticsearchEnabled":true,"environment":"production"}}", connectivity can be assumed?

Author: Oh, good call. Will add.

    </EntityLayout.Route>
```

### Next Steps

Visit the Maturity tab in Backstage to get started. Once you have synced data from Backstage to OpsLevel, you will likely want to set up auto-syncing of data using the [backend-plugin](https://github.com/OpsLevel/backstage-plugin-backend).

## Troubleshooting

### 403 API Requests

> Please validate that you do not have any middleware set up in Backstage that could be removing cookies or headers from the request by the Backstage proxy.

Reviewer: don't think we're using cookies for this, but doesn't hurt

Author: Removed to reduce confusion.

### 404 API Requests

> If you are receiving 404s, it is possible that there is a network firewall preventing Backstage from accessing the OpsLevel instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are receiving 404s or any non-200 response code, it is possible that there is a network firewall preventing Backstage from accessing the OpsLevel instance.
```

You can validate this by using [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) or another tool to simulate the request from the machine running Backstage.

> Sometimes it can be hard to set up a tool in environments running Backstage, in which was you can retrieve headers and cookies from a browser logged into OpsLevel and simulate the request with `curl`.

Reviewer: I think we'd make it a lot easier for the user, if we just suggested to set the Authorization: Bearer <api_token>

Author: Updated!
